README.md, before:

# FeelGood
###### by: Brett Kean, Eghe Iyobosa, Gireesh Sharma-Singh, and Zhiyuan Hua
###### Depression is on the rise and will soon kill more people than heart disease.
###### Social media, email, messaging, apps, and now intelligent bots fight for our attention and feed addictions.
###### This is a journaling app which allows the user to process their emotions, both positive and negative is bound to inspire changes after each usage.
###### Following careful guidelines set out by our project Supervisor and project Team lead. The race to create a carefully planned App is underway.
###### Project milestone. Contract has been drawn and signed by all parties. This is found in the folder "docs".
###### The requirements for the App being developed is a Navigation Drawer, Target API 29 or 30 minimum API 23.
###### This application will support English and French.
###### With every Team based project there needs to be a way to keep track of all work being done. We keep track of our progress on Trello.

Commit message:

Need help with fixing the problem causing navigation to stay closed when onClick is uncommented for the Youtube icon.

README.md, after:

# FeelGood
###### by: Gireesh Sharma-Singh, Brett Kean, Zhiyuan Hua and Eghe Iyobosa.
###### Depression is on the rise and will soon kill more people than heart disease.
###### Social media, email, messaging, apps, and now intelligent bots fight for our attention and feed addictions.
###### This is a journaling app which allows the user to process their emotions, both positive and negative is bound to inspire changes after each usage.
###### Following careful guidelines set out by our project Supervisor and project Team lead. The race to create a carefully planned App is underway.
###### Project milestone. Contract has been drawn and signed by all parties. This is found in the folder "docs".
###### The requirements for the App being developed is a Navigation Drawer, Target API 29 or 30 minimum API 23.
###### This application will support English and French.
###### With every Team based project there needs to be a way to keep track of all work being done. We keep track of our progress on Trello.
###### On Trello minimum of 5 stories split into 5 task. Db created on the Cloud.
# Project milestone. 
###### App is currently running smooth with a few warnings.
